[opening theme music playing]
[panting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[whimpering]
It will look suspicious if you disappear,
so it will make things much easier for us
if there are other people
to witness your death.
[scoffs]
I still have my reputation to keep.
I hope to die
with a little bit of dignity.
[chuckles]
[male servant 1] My lord! My lord!
-[male servant 2] My lord.
-[moaning]
[male servant 3] What is he saying?
[male servant 1] What is wrong, my lord?
Oh! What is that?
[loud clamoring]
[whimpers]
[groaning]
[grunts]
Master! Master!
I will be sure
to make good use of your body.
[moans]
[Jang Uk grunting]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[mages exclaim]
[breathes heavily]
Young master.
[exhales] What are we supposed to do?
[mages laugh]
[Jang Uk] It's fine.
Don't come in.
[Jang Uk sighs]
[Dang-gu] That was close.
Uk actually landed
more blows than last time.
-Are there two matches left?
-Yeah.
[Dang-gu] His opponent for tomorrow
is Cha Beom over there.
Ugh, I would hate to see Uk lose to him.
Should I just go instead?
If I let him win, this will all be over.
Do you think Uk would want that?
I mean this was
a bet with the Crown Prince.
It will simply be outsmarting him.
Uk may be losing,
but he's still improving.
[exhales]
[Mu-deok] Young master.
Please, go to your room.
I will bring you a towel.
I do not know who
the final contender is going to be.
But Uk will not be defeated that easily.
Jang Uk!
Where is…
You must be here for your young master.
Yes.
Then I guess you're Mu-deok.
-You're right.
-I thought so.
You are the servant who is always
beside Young Master Jang Uk.
[Mu-deok] That must be her,
the white heron
Maidservant Kim talked about.
I am waiting to see him before I go.
Please, come in. Oh.
I also brought some snacks.
Would you like some?
No, thank you.
She's just as graceful and gentle
as Maidservant Kim described.
[breathes deeply]
[Jang Uk sighs]
[sighs]
[Mu-deok] Why are you standing here
still soaking wet?
Oh. Oh, watch this.
This was how he did it earlier, right?
[chuckles]
I should try it properly with a sword.
I thought you would be discouraged
after being thrown into the pond,
but you are reviewing the last fight.
I could have been embarrassed
if I lost just once
but it's hard to feel embarrassed
when you lost eight times.
Seeing the young master who used to only
wear clothes that were neatly ironed
not bathing even after
falling into filthy water,
I guess you do feel the pressure.
Oh.
Gosh, I am filthy.
[Jang Uk chuckles]
You were too rushed in today's fight.
If your opponent was casting a shield,
you shouldn't have charged
toward them, but taken a step back
and waited for him to drop his guard.
Right.
Had you taken a step back
after landing those blows,
he definitely would have been careless,
stopped trying to defend himself,
and start putting his guard down.
Fighting is like a game of tug-of-war.
Your opponent will pull
if you pretend it's down.
That is the right moment
for you to strike.
Thank you very much
for the advice, master.
Where are you going?
Hmm? I should go wash and change now.
I think I smell terrible, too.
You must be here for your young master.
[soft music playing]
Stop.
[inhales]
Don't go to your room and stay here.
-I will go and bring your clothes.
-What for?
I can just go and get changed myself.
It doesn't make sense for you to go.
You are right.
It doesn't make sense at all.
Go on.
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
Stop right there for a sec.
Why?
Sit down.
Sit.
[Jang Uk sighs]
Gosh, your shoes are all wet, too.
That's why…
you should not have
followed me into the water.
The more I look at you, the more
I realize you work too hard for nothing.
Why do you put
so much effort into cleaning? Huh?
Just use me as an excuse and take it easy.
[Jang Uk sighs]
And Maidservant Kim said
she sent abalones and dried fish.
You should have some for yourself as well.
Don't just serve it all to me.
Don't worry.
I told them I'm close
to the heir, Dang-gu,
so everyone is good to me.
You did?
Oh, I know you would never…
pass up the chance
to take advantage of power.
You are hurt.
I've been fighting for eight days.
Do you think that's the only one?
Where else did you get hurt?
Let's go to Sejukwon now
and get them treated.
I'll be getting more injuries, anyway.
I'll get injured enough…
as much as my master expects.
[soft music continues playing]
Your feet will freeze.
Go change your shoes, okay?
[sighs]
Hmm?
Maidservant Kim?
[eunuch] You are ready,
Your Royal Highness.
The medicine is getting more bitter.
Do you have something sweet?
I shall prepare
the sweetest snack for you.
Should I just get rid of it?
[whimsical music playing]
[Jang Uk] What the…
What is wrong with this?
[heart thumping]
[Jang Uk] What? What is this feeling?
Uh…
[Go Won] Someone is drawing me in
with immense power.
[Jang Uk] This mysterious pulling…
is calling me.
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
by Car, the Garden playing]
[heart thumping]
-Ugh!
I mean, why in the world would you fill
somebody else's jade with energy
and confuse me like that?
That greatly offends me.
I am also
truly offended that you were the reason
why my heart had raced like that.
Ugh!
But, uh…
did you feel it as well?
A feeling like, thump, thump…
[groans]
-Ugh!
-Ugh, stop that! Ugh!
[bird cawing]
Enough!
Judging by your surprise,
it seems that
you have never used these properly.
I suppose
since your servant does not know magic,
I doubt you two can share your energy.
Yes, you're right.
I didn't realize that
these jades had this kind of power.
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
by Car, the Garden playing]
-[song ends]
-Stop it! Stop! Stop it!
-[sighs]
-Anyway,
thanks to you, I learned what they can do.
-Thank you, I guess.
-[Go Won] Why?
Are you planning to use it?
I doubt you'll be able to.
Since you will not be getting this back.
I still have two more chances, though.
I will definitely get it back and use it.
So, keep it safe until I do.
And even as a joke,
don't fill it with energy.
Th-that's what I wanted to say to you!
Your Royal Highness,
we've been looking for you.
[Go Won] Should I take you in?
I can if you want.
I'm sure there will be things
for you to do in the palace.
No, sir.
-Eunuch Oh.
-Yes, Your Highness.
Look into the mage who will be
fighting Jang Uk next time, yeah?
Yes.
Make sure you get it right.
THE ART OF HYEONGONG
Hey. How was Jang Uk, though?
[Hyo] What? Jang Uk?
[scoffs]
He really wasn't much of a challenge.
-Are you ready?
-[Beom] Of course.
At the end of the fight,
I will just use Hyeongong and bam…
[laughter]
[Mu-deok] A mage of the Cha family
who can use Hyeongong.
A coward who only decided to challenge Uk
after seeing him lose all his matches.
[Seo Yul] Uk might stand a chance
against Beom.
Hyeongong looks flashy
on the outside, but it is…
ineffective if the mage
who uses it lacks the skills.
Cha Beom may look strong at first glance,
but he's not as skilled as he seems.
[Mu-deok] Seo Yul truly knows
how to see through others.
Oh, is that so?
But he was bragging to the others
that my young master
would not stand a chance against him.
He must be nervous.
Uk has improved quite a lot
over the past few days,
and Beom is worried that he might be
the one who ends up losing to him.
[chuckles]
My master must have improved
to make him really, really nervous.
Are you that happy to see
that Uk has improved so much?
Of course, I am!
I feel very proud just watching him.
[Seo Yul] Naksu is training Uk.
[Dang-gu pants] Yul.
Have you heard?
The capital is in an uproar right now.
Know what happened?
Master Kang of Daegangtongun
passed away due to his illness.
But rumor has it
that he was attacked
by assassins last night.
[Dang-gu] My uncle and Master Heo
have rushed over to his funeral.
What if there are more assassins
like Naksu appeared?
[suspenseful music playing]
THE LATE KANG MAN-CHEON
[Jin] Why can we not offer
our condolences?
[mage] Our family business is
in transporting highly valuable items.
But if people find out
that the head of the house
was murdered by some assassins,
it will be problematic.
We announced that
he died from a contagious disease,
so we cannot allow any guests.
Well, we understand your position.
Have you found any evidence
of a suspect in the assassination?
Has an autopsy been carried out?
Master Kang was stabbed by assassins
and passed away in front of our very eyes.
An autopsy is not needed.
We're going to cremate his body tonight.
You are cremating him tonight?
It's unfortunate,
but we must hurry if we are
to stop the rumors from spreading.
We believe this is probably
what the late Master Kang
would have wanted for his family as well.
[Jin] That is unacceptable.
If you just end up cremating his body,
any evidence
regarding the assassins will be lost.
This is a family matter.
I understand you're concerned for us,
but there is no need for the leader
of Songrim to get involved in this.
An autopsy is needed.
Postpone Master Kang's cremation.
Is Songrim now going so far as to
meddle in other families' funeral matters?
We are not meddling here.
I'm merely trying to prevent
the new, young head of the family
from making a terrible mistake.
Why is the leader of Songrim
trying to do that?
What gives Songrim the right?
It has not been that long since
Naksu attacked mages in the capital.
Now, new assassins have emerged
and a mage is dead.
There could be a link between this
and Naksu who used sorcery.
That is why I'm interfering.
His death was not caused by sorcery.
I saw it with my own eyes.
How can you be sure without an autopsy?
The new head of the family says
that he does not want an autopsy.
Jin Mu! Stay out of this.
It's the duty of Songrim
to suspect incidents of sorcery
and investigate them.
Is it not? Right, Lady Jin?
I have to…
agree with the Assistant Gwanju
on this matter.
The heir of the family witnessed the death
and he is saying that they have to
hide it for the sake of their business.
There's no evidence to suggest
that sorcery was involved.
So I do not think Songrim should
make a scene at a funeral.
I'm just protecting
Master Kang's reputation.
Please, allow us to hold
my late master's funeral
and grieve in peace.
[suspenseful music playing]
Jin Mu, that scoundrel, is openly
disrespecting Songrim now!
[Heo Yeom] Hmm.
[sighs]
I'm suspicious about why they are trying…
-to keep us out.
-By the way,
I did not expect Lady Jin to support
Jin Mu the way she did back there.
She used to hate her younger half-brother.
[both exhale]
It brought me great joy to be
supported by my older sister.
Just look.
Against our combined strength,
even Songrim had no choice
but to be forced to retreat.
How close are you to finding Bu-yeon?
I've searched everywhere
around Lake Gyeongcheondaeho
for blind girls who are
around the same age as Bu-yeon's.
I have already been doing that
for more than ten years now.
The truth is…
I believe I've found
the whereabouts of Bu-yeon.
Ten years ago, a young girl washed up
on the shore of Lake Gyeongcheondaeho.
[gasps]
-Really?
-[Jin Mu] However…
she had been dead for a long time.
[inhales]
[breathes shakily]
[gasps]
Mother, that body certainly cannot be her.
I told my men to find the one
who buried her and dig up her grave.
If Bu-yeon truly is dead,
I will at least bring her body
back to you at all costs.
No, that is unacceptable.
Bring Bu-yeon back to me alive, Jin Mu.
[Jin Mu] I will, so please calm yourself.
We will find Bu-yeon alive and well.
[whimpering]
[Jin Mu] Did you take a good look?
They will be your mother
and younger sister.
Do you think…
they will believe that I am her daughter?
Dressed like this,
you do resemble Bu-yeon a little
when she was younger.
But I'm not sure if her mother will agree.
Then being well-dressed like this…
will not benefit us.
I must look more pathetic and shabbier.
She is a mother who has lost her daughter.
I can only win her heart
if I succeed in tugging her heartstrings.
That's true.
You are quite right, So-i.
I'll make sure…
that I become
the lost daughter of the Jin family.
[doctor] You look much better now.
Yes, I don't know why
but I tend to recover pretty quickly.
Ugh, this Hyeongong technique…
is quite elaborate.
[sighs]
[Jin] Something about Master Kang's death
does not sit right with me.
[Jang Uk] Oh.
[Jin] The late Master Kang
was indeed powerful.
But he was already suffering
from a terminal illness.
There was no need for anyone
to go so far as to assassinate him.
Perhaps someone had a grudge against him,
enough to kill him before he died.
No. There's got to be a reason
why those assassins came
that we're missing now.
Once the soul has been shifted,
we are left with a useless body.
But we can't get rid of it so easily.
Because in the eyes of others, the body
that's left behind belongs to a mage,
an administrative officer, or a merchant.
So it'll look suspicious
if such an individual disappears.
And Naksu was very useful in
disposing of such bodies inconspicuously.
Do you mean the Shadow Assassin, Naksu?
Thanks to their discovery
of Naksu, that wild assassin,
the soul shifters I have made have been
able to evade Songrim's suspicion.
[Jin] Back when I was after Naksu,
I thought she was just a lunatic
who wanted to show off her skills.
That's why I was never suspicious
of the individuals she had killed before.
Then now you're saying
that she killed those
whose souls have been shifted by Jin Mu?
If I am to be exact,
they must have been those
who were discarded later.
[Master Lee] You said that Naksu was
Cho Chung's daughter, yes?
Are you saying he took that little girl
and turned her into an assassin?
[Jin Mu] That is why
I never revealed myself to her,
and made her live
in the mountains all by herself.
I took care of her just enough to survive.
But she was the one who was determined
and ended up growing to be so strong.
Because that child…
She probably obeyed Jin Mu,
thinking she'd be avenging her parents.
[Jin Mu] She was very useful.
But then a soul shifter ran wild
before she could kill them.
Because of that,
Songrim learnt about the alchemy of souls.
Once Songrim was after Naksu,
Jin Mu was probably afraid
of his deeds being exposed.
So he had to send Naksu to Songrim,
fully aware that she would die.
[action music playing]
[female servant] Mu-deok,
go and draw some water.
Yes, ma'am.
[grunts]
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok, are you determined
to not listen to me?
I told you to take it easy
and get some rest.
Then what about you?
Did I not tell you to treat your wounds?
I just stopped by Sejukwon.
You know I listen to my master well.
What?
Check for yourself.
[sniffs] I smell mugwort.
What are you doing?
[Jang Uk] You know that I'm working hard
these days. I'm just so exhausted.
You're very warm.
Did you get a mugwort massage?
Hmm-mm. I am warm, right?
Yes. You are warm.
[Master Lee] She was used
for all the wrong reasons,
and met a terrible death.
Naksu…
how void of warmth
her life must have been.
[soft music playing]
You are cool now. Let me go.
-[Jang Uk] Did you change your shoes?
-Yes.
Did you eat Maid Kim's food?
Yes. Actually, I'd already had some
before you mentioned it.
[chuckles] Well done. Mu-deok.
See this? It turns out
it's quite fascinating.
The yin-yang jade?
I only found out since
you gave it to the Crown Prince.
How is it fascinating?
-Show me.
-I cannot. I cannot.
I will get yours back
and return it to you. Then I'll show you.
When it's retrieved,
you're going to return it to me?
What? Aren't you going to accept it?
I will retrieve it and make sure
to place it on your hand.
This jade has unbelievable powers.
It's a good thing we did not know.
You're going to be in
for a shock once I get it back.
What kind of powers? Show me.
When the Crown Prince saw it,
he foamed at the mouth and fainted.
It was terrifying.
That makes sense. It was from Jinyowon.
For all we know,
it could be a lethal weapon.
[chuckles]
[tense music playing]
Welcome, Assistant Gwanju.
The leader of Songrim has returned
to watch the cremation
for himself in person.
Under what pretense
have you come this time?
I'm only here to pay my respects.
This is the last time I will ever see him.
I believe that I have a duty
to at least see him off.
[crowd crying]
[worker] My lord!
[crying continues]
[Jin] You have seen a soul shifter before,
so you will recognize their blue mark.
Check and see if Master Kang's body
had been used for soul shifting.
Even if we find out
that he has shifted souls,
we will not know
whose body he has shifted into.
There is something you must do
to help us find out what happened.
[suspenseful music playing]
I know that you have
already mastered Chisu, Yul.
I wasn't hiding it intentionally.
I am not scolding you.
What I'm about to ask you to do
is a dangerous task in which
your energy may be taken.
Only those
who have mastered Chisu can do it.
[Jin] The body of a soul shifter runs wild
once its energy is lost.
The corpse is still warm.
Put your energy in that body,
and make Master Kang's body run wild.
[crowd crying]
[crying continues]
-[coffin rattles]
-[worker shrieks]
What's the matter?
-[worker 1 stammers] He is…
-[worker 2] Look! Look!
[workers gasping]
I will take care of his bones myself,
so everyone, step aside.
This is a soul shifter
who has been petrified after running wild.
Now that we have clear evidence
of sorcery being involved, can Songrim…
step in to investigate what happened here?
Seeing how you are not disturbed at all
and even tried to hide it,
you must have already known.
You already knew
that this was a soul shifter
who had run wild.
[scoffs]
[young mage grunts]
[suspenseful music playing]
[young mage grunting]
[young mage groans]
[pants]
Judging by your skills,
I suppose the soul within that body
is you, Master Kang.
Then that body's original soul
must be already dead within your body.
Do not speak nonsense!
[yelps]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[groans]
You're running wild
after having lost blood and energy.
If you continue to use your skills,
you'll be petrified faster.
I suggest you stop.
Do not resist any further.
-Do not kill him!
-Kill him.
[tense music playing]
[mages grunting]
[intense music playing]
[shouts]
[intense music continues playing]
[yells]
[grunts]
[exhales]
[music intensifies]
A soul shifter who is running wild
is dangerous.
Thankfully, Cheonbugwan got rid of him.
Since you have helped us,
we will allow you
to take credit for catching him.
-[Yeom-su] My lord.
-Hmm?
Since you said Songrim could take credit,
we will take the body with us
and examine it.
Be my guest.
I closed his gate of energy
to prevent any more energy
from seeping out.
We need to revive him and make him talk.
Will it be possible?
Well, he is pretty much a breathing stone.
You want me to revive him
and make him speak?
This will not be easy.
Are you worried
that he may actually still be alive?
Even still, how would they save him?
Perhaps they could
with the power of the ice stone.
But without it, it's impossible.
Are you saying it's possible
with the power of the ice stone?
That is correct.
And are you saying that
you have such stone in your possession?
You don't need to know that.
For now, get the assassins ready.
I will find a way
even if it means I have to shift
the soul of a Jeongjingak mage.
Hey, you're ready?
-[Beom] What?
-Let's go.
THE ART OF HYEONGONG
PRESSING THE HEAD OF A LEOPARD STANCE
DIRECT SENDING STANCE,
CAULDRON STANCE
[grunts]
[breathes shakily]
[somber music playing]
[sighs softly]
[sighs]
Yul.
Oh, Uk.
Are you on your way to train?
Yes.
And you?
I just cut down…
a soul shifter.
Master Kang, a man
who died yesterday, was a soul shifter.
Really?
How did you know he was a soul shifter?
If they hide their blue mark,
they can easily blend in
with other people.
But once they run wild,
there is no turning back.
They start to harden like a stone
as their energy seeps out.
They can prevent the petrification
by feeding on others' energy.
But once they do that, they are…
no longer human but a monster.
A monster?
Protecting this world from such monsters…
is our duty.
We can also choose to protect
the monsters from this world.
If we keep the monsters in check,
the world won't worry about them.
Everyone had high hopes for you
ever since you were little,
so you think that
you need to do something grand. But…
but I was told…
not to do anything my whole life.
So I'm…
I'm going to follow my heart from now on.
[eunuch] Jin Mu has lost
something critical to Songrim.
What if Songrim suspects
the royal palace as well?
The Royal Palace…
is not a place they can just barge into
as they did at Daegangtongun.
But if they do, though,
I will be in danger.
Ever since Gil-ju of Cheonbugwan died,
I haven't been able to feed.
I am afraid I will run wild.
Could you also share the power
of the ice stone with me?
Say again.
Am I not the only person here
who can serve you despite knowing…
your true identity?
Shaman.
How dare you, you scum!
I told you never
to address me like that again.
Would you like
to be petrified this instant?
[laughs]
I know you can't.
I am the only person
in this palace who knows that,
despite you residing in the Queen's body,
in truth, you are actually Shaman Choi.
If you kill me,
who will bring your sibling here
from Jinyowon then?
[scoffs]
[laughs]
And also,
speaking of the real Queen
who is residing in your true body.
Should I try visiting her
from time to time?
[laughs]
It is getting difficult for me
to live any longer in this body.
Why don't you go ahead
and tell the Assistant Gwanju
to shift my soul into a new body…
Your Royal Highness.
I understand.
You may leave now.
[relieved sigh]
[laughter]
[exhales shakily]
[sighs]
Hmm.
What are you doing here?
[whispers]
I'll let you win, and it will be over.
-[whimsical music playing]
-Ah.
I yield! I yield.
Hey, Uk! Come back!
[sighs]
[Beom] You wanted to go before me.
And you won.
Dang-gu was willing to let you beat him.
How could you refuse?
I had no idea you had
this much pride in yourself.
Hey, you looked at me like this,
telling me not to fight him.
When did I?
The look I gave you
was only out of relief.
Then you should have sent me a signal.
Like that.
I did send you a signal!
How was I supposed to know that?
If so, I would have just done it.
[sighs]
You only have one chance left.
What will you do now?
What's going on here? You're blaming me?
Why are you getting mad at me
when you're the one who gave him that?
Are you seriously
pointing fingers right now?
You're so childish.
Childish? Do you want me
to show you what childish is?
I quit.
Should I keep this up?
[scoffs]
Mages have been guarding
Sejukwon since last night.
The body of the soul shifter
they caught yesterday must be in there.
But if it's a corpse,
why not put it in the Secret Room.
Why in Sejukwon where they save lives?
I came by because I was curious
about the body brought here yesterday.
Please, wait here. I will go
and inform our leader right now.
I heard the leader was here at Sejukwon,
so I decided to come see him.
No one is allowed
to enter Sejukwon at the moment.
Then please tell Lord Jin that I am here.
I should go and meet
with Young Master Jang first.
Jin Mu must have…
come to check whether or not
the soul shifter has really died.
Tell him to leave
since we are still investigating.
Yes, my lord. However,
someone else is here to see you, too.
Tell them
absolutely no one is allowed
anywhere near Sejukwon.
[Sang-ho] Yes, my lord.
I shall also tell
Maidservant Kim to leave.
Hmm?
Maidservant Kim?
I will go and tell her now
that you are unable to meet anyone.
Wait! Hold on.
Maidservant Kim is not "anyone", is she?
Maidservant Kim, it has been a long time.
[tense music playing]
[gasps, chuckles softly]
I had so much of your delicious cooking
when I stayed at Jang Gang's residence
back when I was serving
the Cheonbugwan's Gwanju.
You always ate so much
that we served your rice
in a noodle bowl instead of a plate.
[chuckles softly]
Do you remember? [chuckles]
That brass bowl was so big.
Back then, I was always hungry,
no matter what I ate. [chuckles]
Oh, you must have made
something scrumptious once again.
I did. I brought
some snacks I made myself.
[exhales]
Honey biscuits. I used to
absolutely love these back then.
[maid Kim] Yes, indeed.
Every time I gave you some
to give to the Gwanju,
you would often stash
a few of them in your pockets. Remember?
[chuckles]
I was only allowed to eat
whatever the Gwanju left,
so that was the only way
I could have my share.
In any case, I benefited a lot
from following Jang Gang.
I got to taste such delicacy,
and even learned a special spell or two.
[tense music playing]
Everything tastes so much sweeter
when you eat it in secret, does it not?
[chuckles]
That's exactly…
why sweets are very dangerous things.
Once you get a taste of it,
you will desire it at all costs.
You fail to distinguish
what you can have and…
what you cannot have.
You are hurting my feelings
if you stop me like this.
Oh, goodness, there is no reason
for you to be so stingy with food.
I remember the Gwanju
used to love this snack.
I wonder what his son thinks about them.
I know Young Master Jang Uk loves
these honey biscuits as well.
Then why don't we ask him to join us
and share these with him?
I have many stories
I want to tell him about his father.
[Jim Mu chuckles]
You and Uk have absolutely
nothing to talk about.
[Jin] So you should leave now.
He just wants a biscuit. Why are you
being like this? All heartless.
They are such happy memories of mine,
yet you will not let me share them.
I suppose…
you must not want me
to touch what is yours.
[maid Kim gasps]
Wait. In that case…
here, I packed these for the young master,
but you can have them instead.
[Jin] Maidservant Kim.
Don't give that to him.
If I truly wanted to have some,
do you think I would not
have been able to sneak a few?
[Jin Mu] I'm merely letting you have them.
It had been a while since we last met.
I am sad to say goodbye.
Jin Mu used to
hold a grudge and take revenge
if he was scolded for eating something.
He only wanted some biscuits.
You should have just let him have them.
I just did not want to see him eating…
the honey biscuits
that you worked so hard to make.
Please, sit.
We have not seen each other in a while.
Why don't we just chat over a cup of tea?
Is something wrong?
You seem rather on edge.
[sighs]
Do not worry.
Once I have some sweets,
I will feel much better for sure.
[maid Kim] Oh, Mu-deok.
I need you to run an errand.
Run an errand? What is it?
I need you to go to Cheonbugwan.
I just do not feel right about this.
I should send these over.
All right.
[indistinct chattering]
Is something going on at Sejukwon?
I actually don't know the details.
But I think it might be related to
last night's incident at Daegangtongun.
I heard Cheonbugwan
and Songrim had an argument.
Where is Yul?
I haven't seen him since last night.
I'm sure he must be
doing something for the leader.
Huh…
[Seo Yul] I just cut down…
a soul shifter.
We must strengthen our boundaries.
So all mages are forbidden
from leaving Songrim for the time being.
Those who have mastered Ryusu or higher
shall all proceed to Sejukwon
and follow Sang-ho's orders.
[all mages] Yes, my lord.
[Jin] Jang Uk.
You will stay here.
Everyone, except for Uk,
follow Sang-ho
and go to Sejukwon right now.
[mages] Yes, my lord.
Wait.
Why am I the only one not going there?
You are exempt from it
since we don't need you there.
There's something dangerous at Sejukwon?
Is it a soul shifter?
This matter is none of your concern, so…
don't be curious about it.
I'm also a mage here.
Why am I being left out?
You are an exception to all things.
If you are bored
being by yourself, you may leave.
Go back to your home and just do
whatever makes you comfortable.
[sighs]
Yes, thank you for worrying
about my comfort, my lord.
[sighs]
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok.
Let's go to Chwiseonru
and have something tasty.
All the mages were headed to Sejukwon.
Where are you going now?
I was told to stay out of it because
they're such trivial matters, you know.
-Let's go.
-I have to go on an errand for Maid Kim.
Is that so? Perfect, let's go together.
Where to, though?
Cheonbugwan.
Let's go.
Eunuch Kim, I heard that you demanded
to be shifted into another body.
Can you do that?
Then shift my soul into the body of a girl
who will enter Jinyowon as Jin Bu-yeon.
I have been a eunuch for a while,
so I don't mind a woman's body.
This time, I would like to shift my soul
into a powerful body like Shaman Choi has.
Shaman Choi.
She told me she was offended
by how you reminded her
that she used to be a shaman dealing
with trivialities like divinations.
I was only stating a fact.
[scoffs]
I was also reminded earlier today of how
I used to beg for food and steal snacks.
They were actually true,
but I do not wish to hear them.
[exhales softly]
Jin Mu wanted a honey biscuit
while visiting Songrim,
but Park Jin didn't let him have any.
Maid Kim was worried he'd hold a grudge,
so she wanted me to deliver this.
[Jang Uk] Are you telling me they were
childish enough to fight over some food?
The leader does have
a tendency to be petty sometimes.
Why could he not have given
just one biscuit to him? Gosh!
I know. He's so petty.
[Jang Uk sighs]
[somber music playing]
[sighs]
I will tell the Assistant Gwanju that
these honey biscuits
were from the Jang family.
Please, be sure to tell him that they are
from Maidservant Kim of the Jang family.
Tell him that we use
a lot of oil in our biscuits
and that they are better
when you pair it with green tea.
Yes, Young Master Jang.
And we also use a lot of honey
in our honey biscuits.
They get sticky, so you should store them
in a cool place.
-Yes.
-And since we have brought
these honey biscuits as a gift,
can I look inside of Cheonbugwan?
Yes-- Sorry?
Thank you so much.
It'll only take a second.
Let's go. Mm-hmm.
But…
[sighs]
[Jang Uk] I have always wanted to visit.
Despite my father being the Gwanju,
I've never been to this place.
Wow, look at that. What is it?
I thought you had been here before.
Did you say your father was
a constellation recorder mage?
Did you bring me
all the way here for this?
Mm-hmm.
I'm sure you could have
just asked somebody else
to run Maidservant Kim's errand.
Didn't you come
because you wanted to come here?
[sighs]
My father used to bring me here
often when I was little.
He even showed me the plate
that was recorded the day I was born.
Your father was very sweet.
Come to think of it,
he should have recorded the constellations
on the day you were born, too.
Is that so?
[inhales sharply]
Then my constellations
must also be here somewhere.
-[sword clinks]
-[eunuch grunts]
[groans]
You said you would shift my soul,
but instead, you're making me run wild.
You are no longer needed.
So you might as well just turn to stone.
-[sword whooshes]
-[grunts in pain]
-[grunts]
-[Jin Mu] Agh!
[grunts]
You've lost your mind!
[pants]
[groaning]
Once night falls, the mages will come.
Shall we watch them
record the constellations?
I heard that the sight is to behold.
I do want to see it, but it will be
such a nuisance if we get caught.
-Let's just go home.
-[eunuch groaning]
[breathes heavily]
Eunuch Kim has run wild.
You must not let anyone find out
that he's a soul shifter.
He's still in Cheonbugwan.
We must find him before the break of dawn.
[Yeom-su] Yes, my lord.
[ominous music playing]
[scoffs]
[Jin Mu] I know you are here.
There's no need to hide anymore.
I will give you what you want.
Come out now.
-Come out!
-[Jang Uk] I'm coming out.
-Jang Uk.
-[laughs]
What are you doing here at this hour?
I'm sorry. I was running an errand
and decided to take a quick look around.
What kind of errand?
Well, I heard that you really wanted
to try some of our honey biscuits.
Honey biscuits?
Maidservant Kim sent some over because
you looked sad
that you didn't get to have any.
I can see that. Tell her I said thank you.
[Jang Uk] What?
I thought you'd be upset
that I came without asking.
Are you not angry?
Why would I be?
You brought me snacks. You may leave now.
[exhales] What a relief! To be honest…
I have someone else with me.
Mu-deok, come out. He says it's fine.
She is the servant who came with me.
Hello, sir. My name is Mu-deok,
Young Master Jang's servant.
So, you were here as well.
[Jang Uk] I thought you would be furious.
I am truly grateful that you're so kind.
Please, enjoy the honey biscuits.
And please, let us know
if you would like some more of them.
Thank you so much.
Let's go.
[chuckles softly]
[eunuch groaning]
That man… is a royal eunuch.
[Jang Uk] What is wrong with him?
That is a soul shifter.
Look. He's petrifying.
So they even had
a soul shifter in the palace.
It's probably…
Jin Mu who did this.
[Jin Mu] I know you are here.
There's no need to hide anymore.
I will give you what you want.
[breathes heavily]
Come out!
[suspenseful music playing]
I'm coming out.
Run.
There's also a backdoor.
[suspenseful music continues playing]
[exhales]
Why won't you let us leave?
I don't think it's right to let a mage
who barged in here leave so easily.
I'm certain that you'll be in a tight spot
if I disappear from Cheonbugwan.
Did I say I would harm you?
Your body will be left intact.
Jang Uk.
[tense music playing]
[shouts]
[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
[Jin Mu] You are within a barrier
that I have made.
Do not worry.
You will be safe if you remain still.
You should try to wait there for a while.
Mu-deok, was it?
So, the maidservant who followed
Uk around like his shadow
and was always causing trouble was you.
There's a human over here.
So come out
and regain your energy at last!
[ominous music playing]
Then, I will let you live
in the body of a noble young master
as you wished.
[ominous music continues playing]
[breathing heavily]
In any case, I need your help this time.
If you don't trust me,
I will stay outside.
So, do with her however you please.
[tense music playing]
[Jang Uk breathing shakily]
I need to get out of here.
[Jang Uk yelps]
[pants]
[tense music continues playing]
[roars]
[pants]
[eunuch grunting]
[groans]
[breathes heavily]
[breathes shakily]
Master, can you please once again
give your hesitant pupil a push off
the edge of the cliff.
[breathing heavily]
[laughs softly]
Jang Uk.
[intense music playing]
[gasps]
Mu-deok.
Mu-deok!
[gasps]
[intense music playing]
Hey, Mu-deok.
[exhales]
I…
I just fed on the eunuch's energy.
Am I…
going to run wild?
[somber music playing]
-Mu-deok.
-Do not come near me, Uk.
No, you're fine.
You're fine. You're fine.
-You're fine, all right?
-No.
Don't touch me.
If I am truly running wild…
and if you then touch me…
I will feed on your energy
and kill you.
["You're Everything to Me"
by Shin Yong Jae playing]
There was a loud noise
from the Constellation Basin room.
Come on out!
Is it because you're angry that we turned
your friend back there into stone?
[Jin Mu] You will not be able
to leave this place anyway.
Is there someone from the Cho family?
What if her soul really is here?
[Master Lee] What if
it's lingering near the young master?
[Seo Yul] If I had not left you
there in the mountains back then,
you wouldn't be suffering like this.
[Go Won] You said you'd bet your life?
Good.
I'll win tomorrow for sure.
[Go Won] This time, I need someone
who will win for sure.
[Seo Yul] If the way to protect her
is to find the ice stone…
Those two can't be together.
Everything about you has been exposed.